we need many packages for our project to run. This is called dependency and is of two
types. One is regular dependency which is just code that we can use inside our project
and another is developement tool dependency which have tools.

It is very easy to install these. Just goto terminal , specify the folder and type npm init
and hit enter button. It will install packages. The package is full information about
the content of the project. 





summarry: npm instal "dependency name" : Type this command to install regular dependency.
        npm instal "dependency name" --save-dev for developement dependency


        nodemon: We can use nodemon to run our program. Earlier we used to type node index.js but 
        now we can use nodemon index.js. This command will do same thing as node index.js + we do not 
        have to restart our server everytime the changes are done. It automatically does so. Note the installed
        package are local and we have to make them globla in order to use them outside of the folder.
        npm i nodemon --global.


        tip: first install nodemon and save it as dev  npm instal "dependency name" --save-dev
        and then make it global using same command npm install nodemon --global so that we can use it
        for any files inside any folder. It will is like automatic
        live server. Beautiful and makes life easier





        summarry: install node package manager using npm init and then install dependency.
        nodemon is dev dependency which act as live server.





        //Updating and uninstalling package. 

        The general format of package version is "^2.0.4". Fist one is major version ,second one is minor and
        last one is patch version. The symbol indicate which kind of update. ^ symbol means update will be done
        in patch and minor. ~ symbol means major change in the version.



        1. To install any package with version is npm install slugigy@1.0.0
        2.Updating can be done for major and for  minor with patch.
        2(a) Major update i.e complete new version for that symbol should be ^ and then npm update package name
        2(b) Minor and patch ~ npm update package_name.

        Note patch version are bug removed version 


        //One last thing is while sharing our code we donot need to share node_module folder.
        This folder have many dependency which other developer dont need but we need. After 
        deleting we can make that folder using npm instal command. 